README.md, before:

# Json Exporter
![TravisCI build status](https://travis-ci.org/tolleiv/json-exporter.svg?branch=master)
[![Docker Build Statu](https://img.shields.io/docker/build/tolleiv/json-exporter.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/tolleiv/json-exporter/)

This Prometheus exporter operates similar to the Blackbox exporters. It downloads a JSON file and provides a numerical gauge value from within that file.
Which value to pick is defined through JsonPath.

## Parameters

 - `target`: URL / Json-file to download
 - `jsonpath`: the field name to read the value from, this follows the syntax provided by [oliveagle/jsonpath](https://github.com/oliveagle/jsonpath)

## Docker usage

    docker build -t json_exporter .
    docker -d -p 9116:9116 --name json_exporter json_exporter
   
The related metrics can then be found under:
   
    http://localhost:9116/probe?target=http://validate.jsontest.com/?json=%7B%22key%22:%22value%22%7D&jsonpath=$.parse_time_nanoseconds

## Prometheus Configuration

The json exporter needs to be passed the target and the json as a parameter, this can be
done with relabelling.

Example config:
```yml
scrape_configs:
  - job_name: 'json'
    metrics_path: /probe
    params:
      jsonpath: [$.parse_time_nanoseconds] # Look for the nanoseconds field
    static_configs:
      - targets:
        - http://validate.jsontest.com/?json=%7B%22key%22:%22value%22%7D
    relabel_configs:
      - source_labels: [__address__]
        target_label: __param_target
      - source_labels: [__param_target]
        target_label: instance
      - target_label: __address__
        replacement: 127.0.0.1:9116  # Json exporter.
    metric_relabel_configs:
      - source_labels: value
        target_label: parse_time

```

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

add an option to multiple the value before return

README.md, after:

# Json Exporter
![TravisCI build status](https://travis-ci.org/tolleiv/json-exporter.svg?branch=master)
[![Docker Build Statu](https://img.shields.io/docker/build/tolleiv/json-exporter.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/tolleiv/json-exporter/)

This Prometheus exporter operates similar to the Blackbox exporters. It downloads a JSON file and provides a numerical gauge value from within that file.
Which value to pick is defined through JsonPath.

## Parameters

 - `target`: URL / Json-file to download
 - `jsonpath`: the field name to read the value from, this follows the syntax provided by [oliveagle/jsonpath](https://github.com/oliveagle/jsonpath)
 - `multiple`(optional): the factor to be used to multiple with the parsed value before return. (NOTE: ignored when the value is boolean)

## Docker usage

    docker build -t json_exporter .
    docker -d -p 9116:9116 --name json_exporter json_exporter
   
The related metrics can then be found under:
   
    http://localhost:9116/probe?target=http://validate.jsontest.com/?json=%7B%22key%22:%22value%22%7D&jsonpath=$.parse_time_nanoseconds

## Prometheus Configuration

The json exporter needs to be passed the target and the json as a parameter, this can be
done with relabelling.

Example config:
```yml
scrape_configs:
  - job_name: 'json'
    metrics_path: /probe
    params:
      jsonpath: [$.parse_time_nanoseconds] # Look for the nanoseconds field
    static_configs:
      - targets:
        - http://validate.jsontest.com/?json=%7B%22key%22:%22value%22%7D
    relabel_configs:
      - source_labels: [__address__]
        target_label: __param_target
      - source_labels: [__param_target]
        target_label: instance
      - target_label: __address__
        replacement: 127.0.0.1:9116  # Json exporter.
    metric_relabel_configs:
      - source_labels: value
        target_label: parse_time

```

## License

MIT License
